Know let's figure out how we can invoke a lambda function using its always.
So let's say we have the production version for our lambda function on A W-S as present.
And now we want to invoke this production version of our lambda function our production alias all function.
So now let's go up and implement our solution.
So all the find a method and all say invoke
lambda with alias.
So I want to pass in a function name as I always do.
And after that I also want to pass in an alias
and within my function.
Or I want to do is basically invoke my function I'll say invoke and within my invocation I'll pass in
the function name as a function name and the qualifier.
In this case not the alias you have to be careful about that is of course our alias name.
All right so now let's go down and call our method.
So let's just say invoke lambda function not of course lambda function right away.
Let's just also print out the response from W-S invoke lambda with alias.
So I'll pass in the Python lambda name.
And for the alias I'm going to use the alias above the prod alias.
All right.
So now let's just go up and hit run to see how we can invoke lambda functions with aliases.
And here we go.
Our response is.
OK.
And of course we forgot to purchase our payload.
So it is being displayed as an object but a core object as screaming body.
So let's just fix that for a second.
Let's just use the de-code function that we implemented right here and copy that.
So what I want to do is I want to get the response from this function and let's just say response equals
to this guy.
And after that what I want to do is basically let's just get rid of this line.
And I just want to uncomment this line and I want to print out the payload in a decoded format.
All right so now let's just go and hit run again.
And here we go.
We could invoke our window function with a proper alias so we provided our product alias to our Alamdar
function.
And with that alias we could invoke our function as we expected.
Aliases are important parts of AWOS lambda and it's a great feature say great benefit for using lambda
functions.
I encourage you to do so and use the aliases and versioning with all member functions so that you can
manage the source code manage your change as easily as you could do with a source version control system.